fix(OnyxBadge): not displayed correctly in flex layout (#4368)
SchwarzIT/onyx: .changeset/nine-insects-matter.md

---
"sit-onyx": minor
---

> fix(OnyxBadge): alined the badge correctly in flex layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix(OnyxBadge): align the badge correctly in a flex layout
```
